A grand waterfall in a gloomy mountain range marks the entrance to this dungeon. Beyond the waterfall lies a large, worn room. It's covered in ash, dead vermin and dead vermin.A torch allows you to see rows of vertical tombs, long lost and defaced by time itself. Further ahead are two paths, but the left is a dead end. Its twisted trail leads passed countless rooms and soon you enter a weary area. Remnants of a makeshift barricade still 'guard' the group of skeletons behind it. What happened in this place? Your party continue onwards, deeper into the dungeon's mysteries. You pass many rooms and passages, each with their own twists, turns and destinations. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A grand metal door blocks your path. Dried blood splatters are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. Your party steps in closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you hear the faint sound of footsteps behind you. 

A massive dark cave in a shadowy forest marks the entrance to this dungeon. Beyond the dark cave lies a grand, dusty room. It's covered in bat droppings, remains and large bones. A torch allows you to see warped and molten metal remnants, weathered and wiped out by time itself. Further ahead are two paths, you take the left. Its twisted trail leads passed countless other pathways and soon you enter a ghostly area. There are several braziers scattered around, somehow they're still burning, or burning again. What happened in this place? Your party slowly move onwards, deeper into the dungeon's shadows. You pass many different passages, they all look so similar, this whole place is a maze. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. An immense metal door blocks your path. Dire warning messages are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. Your party steps closer to inspect it and.. wait.. light's coming through the gap below the door. 

The ancient looking dungeon looms ominously in front of your party. It looks as if it has been abandoned for decades. Further ahead is a single path. Its twisted trail leads passed lost treasuries, unknown rooms and armories and soon you enter a grimy area. There are several braziers scattered around, somehow they're still burning, or burning again. What happened in this place? Your party carefully continue onwards, deeper into the dungeon's depths. You pass various different rooms and countless passages, they all look so similar, this whole place is a maze.Your party eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A wide granite door blocks your path. Countless odd symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. did something just move behind this door? 

Walking through the carnival grounds, you hear infectious laughter as children play the various games. The smell of fruit and sugar wafts through the air as the workers peddle their foods, and up ahead the big tent looms over the rest of the ensemble. 

Your party walk into a small, gray stone room smelling of dirt and old leather. Ahead, three beds sit tight against the wall.  Two bandits snore loudly as the dim light from the torches bounces off the walls. One shifts in bed and grumbles to himself. His manner is slightly offputting... There are other rooms like this, but this room attracts your party because of the noises that came from it. 

Your party set on a path into a dark forest, where the light ominously darkens as your party traverses deeper into it. As your party enters the forest you see the tracks of a strange beast. Whatever the beast is, it is not a lizard. The tracks are larger than a bear's and point straight towards you. As you look around you see a goblin patrol. They appear to be on a journey to somewhere as they move quickly. 

 Your party finds themselves within a small kingdom with a plethora of villagers. Your party decided to settle in for the night as everyone is tired from a long day of traveling. Your party is awakened in the early morning by a gut wretching scream. Looking outside the inn window, one of you see an army of goblins, led by a gnome, storming the keep! Your party run downstairs and see the goblins in battle with the kingdom's knights. 

Your party enters a volcanic like regoin where there are pools of lava every 100 steps. The intense heat is exhausting your party as time goes on. However, it is said that there are great riches hidden somewhere within the region. Ahead of your party appears to be a cave of sorts, and the entrance is giving off a cool draft. Careful, the land is populated with dragon type creatures... 

An icy plain surrounds your party with small snow covered forests within sight. The cold starts to give some of the party symptoms of frostbite. A frozen lake can be seen within the distance, with a group of heavily clothed people dragging a cart of sorts across it. There is a cabin near the lake in which smoke is risiing from the chimney. However, there appears to be humanoid structures made of snow in front of the cabin.  

Your party enters a port town with many locals and many boats displayed. The smell of the sea lingers whereever you go. Merchants attempt to haggle you to buy their fish related products, none of them seem too pleasant. Some of the boats on the dock seem to be abandoned, but in good enough shape for sailing.On the otherhand, there are watch towers across the town that seem to monitor everything within the town. 